Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
NETFLIX PRESENTS
♪ Please tell me this is not true ♪
♪ That you're not cheating on me
And that you're still with me ♪
♪ And when I went to Puerto Rico… ♪
TERESA
CALLING
AY 5607 MAURITIUS - C21
What?
-One glass of sangria.
- I don't understand.
-Enchanté. Mari Carmen.
-
Enjoy.
You pay.
You pay!
What happened
is that the group…
Of course I pay.
You pay!
More.
-Okay?
-More.
No. more.
-More!
-I pay this?
More!
-More.
-I pay this.
-More!
-Pay this…
That's good.
Mon amour.
You know?
Understand?
Without using your hands.
One. two. three.
Bonsoir. Mari Carmen.
Oh. all right. Salut. salut.
Monsieur. Madame.
-Merci. Okay. merci.
-Merci. Merci.
Au revoir.
-Okay. Ciao!
-Bye.
Adios!
Careful. Look out for him.
Hey.
How are you. dear?
-Bonsoir. Mari Carmen.
-Thank you very much.
It's called Green Emerald.
-Calvin.
-Bonjour. Mari Carmen.
Green Emerald.
What?
Green Emerald?
Bonjour.
- Good morning.
-Hello. my friend.
-Er…
- Green. Green emerald?
Green Emerald. please.
- Green Emerald?
- Yes.
- For you. The money.
-Thank you.
Excuse me!
You like Green Emerald?
Yes.
- It's good.
-We like. Yes.
Perfect.
-Perfect.
- You're under arrest.
Both of you.
ÁNGEL
INCOMING CALL
You look great.
Stunning.
Love is the engine
that moves us in life.
An everlasting engine
that makes sense of everything.
That's why it is very important
to tell someone you love them.
So say it more
and leave everything behind.
Because something new starts here and now.
Dear couple.
do you want to get married
by the Matasa ritual
and unite your lives forever?
Madame Montse!
Calvin. what's going on?
Madame Montse.
he transports drugs in luggage.
- Bienvenue.
-What's gotten into him now?
WELCOME MARI CARMEN
Au revoir. my son!
Merci. Thank you. Danke.